hello everyone this is credit you came
360 also known as well alpha from the
steel Rangers and blah blah blah anyways
so we are start were your restarting
because I don't like being a joint now
this is the perfect time for me to
mention that the only reason why i
haven't uploaded a bunch of videos
lately is because i have been working my
butt off in band almost every day having
practice and on the days i would dental
practice I couldn't get myself to make a
video because I was I had to relax and
blah blah blah basically i'm gonna kick
something fun in this game because i
feel didn't need to yeah screw staying
here with my flag it can just disappear
i usually just kind of stay here and in
my control
yeah I just killed that guy what you
gonna do about now Oh what is he buddy
oh he's got the flag I was those hours
yeah i'm at the enemy's command post
watch him try and get me how
for you I lose the better half I
shouldn't have said that cuz now I am
what I'm not gonna rinse under more the
device a it's gonna happen oh crap okay
I was a 45-minute match I don't think I
should die if i do that on the kissing
ball game no I know I do be one because
Oh hon whoa I try to be are you doing
over though that was just no and there
was a third one that was watching
stealthily I wanted to kill me what he
would by himself no no more in the room
what oh crap just happened I don't even
know what happened I know what will
happen we're all gonna die
gorgeous diversity it's because the
universe and the universe is on my side
it's not on your side down a little holy
crap i just took a missile to the face
and I'm still allowed my gosh it's
amazing I'm amazing
the purse must really be on my side
that's awesome I just take a missile
into the face of shake it off right
umpires no no once this game I'm not
gonna let that go I am going right to
your main demand post and I'm gonna take
my jaw drops
no no yes I just filled a Jawa how does
that make you feel your weight
no you do not to matter under Republic
control oh the name right you forget
email it's not like he was gonna hit the
guy i watch out for those things we
never know whatever they're on the
enemy's side or your side okay so uh
yeah I want you guys to die that word
no no he Jawas it says her on your side
but can we just take the flag why did he
do that yeah I wanted a least a war hero
this was not as good as my last match my
let's match other words one and 50 or 51
I don't know how you would say
basically my KD was 50 ok I am a traitor
of 5 that is awesome my public enemy is
14 ok Deadeye for killing spree five I
was the best on the team oh yeah 34
kills into oh my gosh I was terrible at
least I got three frenzies um two
Guardians 23 endurance to war heroes
that's nice oh yeah I believe it this is
how many metals ago oh my brother has
over a thousand of these yeah I'm not
kidding about that over a thousand aha
okay over a thousand of these so it's
amazing alright so we are going to end
it right here and it's like really
really screwing up now